This application is for managing a door-to-door sales operation by allowing entry of 
salespeople and houses, assigning houses to salespeople, and keeping track of statistics
regarding visits, total sales, etc.

Users:
	Admin
	Sale Person
	
* Login:
	As a User, I can log in to the application so that I can use it.
* Register:
	As a non-user, I can register for the application in order to track my door-to-door
	sales
		1) Registering users come in as Admins
		2) Required:
			a) First Name
			b) Last Name
			c) Username (must be unique)
			d) Email Address (must be unique)
			e) Password
* Add House Information:
	As an Admin, I can add or import new House information. House information will
	include an address, names of residents and administrative notes pertaining to that
	house (current customer, already contacted via phone, etc.)
		1) Required Fields:
			a) Street
			b) City
			c) State (District)
			d) Zip Code
			e) Country
			f) Assigned Salesperson
				i) Dropdown of registered salespeople?
* Add Sales People:
	As an Admin, I can add register new sales people into my account so that I can track
	their work.
* See House List:
	As a Sales Person, I can see what houses are assigned to me, their status, and any
	notes or information about them.
* Visit House:
	As a Sales Person, I can see a House's details and add my own sales notes about the
	House
* Mark Status on House:
	As a Sales Person, I can mark the status on a house so that I can track the outcome
	of a certain house call.
* See Sales Dashboard:
	As an Admin, I can look at all the aggregated sales data from all Sales People on a
	dashboard showing me the most relevant information and trends over time.
* Search House Status Information:
	As an Admin, I can search through the aggregated sales data to pull up all houses
	that match certain criteria concerning status, address, or notes.
*
*
* BONUS!!
*
* Track Sales Amount Information:
	As a Sales Person, I can track sales amount information for each house.
* See Aggregate Sales Information:
	As an Admin, I can see the aggregated sales information that was tracked by the
	Sales People.
* Change House Status Information:
	As an Admin, I can edit the status information that was recorded by the Sales
	People so that I can track current information if the customer is contacted via
	another means.
* See Walking Path Information:
	As a Sales Person, I can view the most efficient path through my addresses on a map.
*